Add > SP Cloud > Integrations Doc > Gitpod (#112)
turbot/steampipe-docs: docs/integrations/gitpod.md

---
title: Using Steampipe in Gitpod
sidebar_label: Gitpod
---
# Using Steampipe in Gitpod

[Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/) is an open source platform provisioning ready-to-code developer environments that integrates with GitHub. Here we integrate a Github project with Gitpod to install Steampipe, then install a plugin and run a query.

## Installing Steampipe in Gitpod

> To run scripts, first connect your GitHub repository to Gitpod workspace and create a `.gitpod.yml` file that contains the definitions. Here's an example that installs Steampipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run scripts, first connect your GitHub repository to your Gitpod workspace and create a `.gitpod.yml` file that contains the definitions. Here's an example that installs Steampipe.
```

```yaml
tasks:
  - name: Install Steampipe with RSS Plugin
    init: |
      sudo /bin/sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/turbot/steampipe/main/install.sh)"
      steampipe -v

```

## Running Steampipe in Gitpod

In order to run Steampipe commands, we will first install the [RSS](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/rss) plugin.

```yaml
tasks:
  - name: Install Steampipe with RSS Plugin
    init: |
      sudo /bin/sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/turbot/steampipe/main/install.sh)"
      steampipe -v
      steampipe plugin install steampipe
      steampipe plugin install rss

ports:
 # Steampipe/ PostgreSQL
  - port: 9193

```

> <div style={{"marginBottom":"2em","borderWidth":"thin", "borderStyle":"solid", "borderColor":"lightgray", "padding":"20px", "width":"50%"}}>

Reviewer: images are missing in the preview here: https://steampipe-m1k1m54w1-turbot.vercel.app/docs/integrations/gitpod

(I found the preview by way of https://cloud.steampipe.io/org/acme/workspace/jon/dashboard/steampipe_stats.dashboard.Vercel)

Author: The images were in a different directory. I just changed it. It should show up in the preview now.

<img alt="gitlab-plugin-installed" src="/images/docs/ci-cd-pipelines/gitpod-config-install.png" />
</div>

> Next, we'll update the file with a query to list items from a channel from `rss_item`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we'll update the file with a query to list items from an RSS feed.
```
